# Pharmacy-management-system-project-in-php
 A pharmacy management system project in PHP has been developed to improve the accuracy and efficiency of pharmaceutical stores. Using an inventory management system built into the php application, the online pharmacy management system increases safety and improves the quality of care provided to patients. For the user to be able to stock and sell products, it is essential that he or she enters a specific product, production system, and expiration date during the opening process. As a result, the pharmacy management system project source code will report that the list of products for a specific product will expire before the end date and will display the expiration date. Pharmacy technicians can create reports out of the pharmacy on a monthly basis, such as when new batches of drugs arrive from medicine or pharmacy, the expiration date, the purchase date, other drugs, or a drug in the pharmacy. Currently, pharmacies are using the pharmacy management system github. Manually inspecting each drug available in the pharmacy is necessary to ensure they are all properly inspected. Due to this, pharmacists tend to make more mistakes while at work.  As pharmacies have a large customer base due to the quality of its services and the size of its customer base, php pharmacy management systems are very popular. It is common for the pharmacies to be closed while many of these customers attend to their personal business. Due to the increase in customers during this period, pharmacists' workload increased, resulting in more people walking into pharmacies. Therefore, the project of the pharmacy management system in PHP was given shelter. There is only a small number of clients that the pharmacist has to deal with in the short run. Pharmacists must ensure their clients receive service solutions in the short term. Because of the factors mentioned above, valuable customers and sales can be lost in the long run. Customers may be offered services late because of the factors mentioned above.
